Ground truth (GT) labels are manual segmentations made from Sentinel-1 double difference intereferometric synthetic aperture radar (DDInSAR) phase representations. GT labels indicates regions of interest (ROI) related to subglacial hydrology. Subglacial hydrology, such as draining or filling of subglacial water reservoirs, causes transcient surface elevantion changes. ROI are thus identified as regions with (shortlived) localized fringe patterns.

Due to the partially subjective nature of such segmentation task, the ground truth labels are shown on top of the corresponding phase images for transparency. A few of the segmentation challenges are:
 - Phase images are wrapped (modulo 2pi), so the exact extent of ROI can be difficult to determine. Generally, the modulo 2pi phase-discontinuity is used as the boundary, but in some cases (such as ROI where the phase variation does not exceed 2pi) this does not hold. In these cases, the ROI is estimated using a combination of the phase images and composite RGB visualizations (also included).
 - Phase images are noisy, so ROI might be partially or fully occluded. ROI are drawn as a best-fit using both phase images and composite RGB visualizations.
 - Surface elevation changes related to subglacial hydrology has no lower limits in terms of magnitude or spatial extent, so certain transcient events might be characterized by very small fringe patters. To distinguish actual events from background noise, ROI are only drawn for fringe patterns that are of a certain spatial size, and with a phase variation of more than just a few degrees. Another useful method to help distringuish true events from noise is temporal evolution (when a continuous data timeline is available), as subglacial events (or their remnants) are commonly visible for a few concecutive acquisitions (though this is not always the case).
